README.md, before:

# Open Source Template

This project was initially created to explore all of the features and files that are "nice to have" when creating an Open Source project on GitHub. There are a lot of default files I want to include in my projects, so I decided to make this template.

This template is useful for me - and if you think it's useful for you, you're free to use and modify it for your own project. :)

## How to Use This Template

You will find many comments throughout the files included. Comments in `.md` files don't render if you're looking at a formatted version online.

These comments are designed to be:
- prompts for what you can add to your documents
- deleted (unless you want to keep or modify them for your own use)

The only exception to this is within the [Pull Request](.github/pull_request_template.md) template. These comments are prompts and a Call to Action for the person creating and filling out the Pull Request.

## Contents
### .github Directory

[Pull Request](.github/pull_request_template.md) Template
- Add your own template for Pull Requests
- Re-use and modify this one


## Thank you

Inspiration to start this repo was because of a collaboration with [jeffhacks](https://github.com/jeffhacks) for [SMBScan](https://github.com/jeffhacks/smbscan/) Documentation. ✨ Thank you for all the great ideas! ✨

Commit message:

Add screenshot for PR template in use

README.md, after:

# Open Source Template

This project was initially created to explore all of the features and files that are "nice to have" when creating an Open Source project on GitHub. There are a lot of default files I want to include in my projects, so I decided to make this template.

This template is useful for me - and if you think it's useful for you, you're free to use and modify it for your own project. :)

## How to Use This Template

You will find many comments throughout the files included. Comments in `.md` files don't render if you're looking at a formatted version online.

These comments are designed to be:
- prompts for what you can add to your documents
- deleted (unless you want to keep or modify them for your own use)

The only exception to this is within the [Pull Request](.github/pull_request_template.md) template. These comments are prompts and a Call to Action for the person creating and filling out the Pull Request.

## Contents
### .github Directory

[Pull Request](.github/pull_request_template.md) Template
- Add your own template for Pull Requests
- Re-use and modify this one

This is what contributors will see when they open a Pull Request:

![Image of Pull Request Template in use](/docs/images/pr_template.png "Pull Request Template in use")


## Thank you

Inspiration to start this repo was because of a collaboration with [jeffhacks](https://github.com/jeffhacks) for [SMBScan](https://github.com/jeffhacks/smbscan/) Documentation. ✨ Thank you for all the great ideas! ✨
